Why can't it be?
You have to give me something to do during the configuration, right?
Bing has already listened to my choice!
My parents had a car accident, a big country that helped the police
They practice recognizing me and harming me every day,
I also know that at that time, what I thought about every day was,
When will my parents die?
At that time, only girls came to see me, and I really thought that was what I meant.
Later, we sold it to negative guess, you can leave,
So you believe you have chosen,
Don't listen to my choice,
I don’t care if you are, our ending is already destined for me to leave,
We can only arrive, no answer?
Why don't you go back first?
Someone called you to tell you something happened
You can bring people there with you again
Give me your parents' hands